Hi, again. I'll now
teach you about
bidirectional encoder
representations for transformers,
or in short, just BERT.
BERT is a model that's makes
use of the transformer,
but it looks at the input
from two directions.
Let's dive in and
see how this works.
Today, you're going
to learn about
the BERT architecture, and then,
you're going to understand
how BERT pre-training works
and see what the inputs
are and the outputs are.
What is BERT? BERT is
the bidirectional encoder
representation from
transformers and it makes
use of transfer learning
and pre-training.
How does this work?
Usually starts
with some inputs
embedding so E_1, E_2,
all the way to some
random number,
E_N, and then, you go through
some transformer blocks,
as you can see here.
Each blue circle is
a transformer block,
goes up furthermore, furthermore,
and then, you get
your T_1, T_2, T_N.
Basically, there are two steps in
BERT's framework,
pre-training and fine-tuning.
During pre-training,
the model is trained on
unlabeled data over
different pre-training tasks
as you've already seen before,
and for fine-tuning,
the BERT model is
first initialized with
the pre-trained parameters
and all of the parameters are
fine-tuned using labeled data
from the downstream tasks.
For example, in the
figure over here,
you get the corresponding
embeddings.
You went through a few
transformer blocks,
and then, you make
the prediction.
We'll discuss some
notation over here.
First of all, BERT is
a multi-layer
bidirectional transformer.
It makes use of
positional embeddings,
and the famous model is
BERT base which has 12 layers
or 12 transformer blocks,
12 attention heads, and
110 million parameters,
and this new models
that are coming out
now like GPT-3 and so forth.
They have way, way more
parameters and way,
way more blocks and layers.
Let's talk about pre-training.
Before feeding the word
sequences to the BERT model,
we mask 15 percent of the words,
and then, the training
data generator
chooses 15 percent of
these positions at
random for prediction.
Then, if the ice token is chosen,
we replace the ice
token with one,
the mask token 80 percent
of the time, and then, two,
a random token 10 percent
of the time, and then,
three, the unchanging ice
token 10 percent of the time.
In this case, then TI,
which you've seen in
the previous slide,
will be used to
predict the original
token with cross-entropy loss.
In this case, this is known
as the masked language model.
Over here, we have "After school
Lukasz does his blank
in the library."
Maybe work, maybe homework.
One of these words that
your BERT's model is
going to try to predict.
To do so, usually, what you do,
you just add the
dense layer after
the TI token and use it to
classify after the
encoder outputs.
You just multiply
the output's vectors
by the embedding
matrix, and then,
to transform them into
vocabulary dimension and you
add a softmax at the end.
This is another sentence,
After school Lukasz does his
homework in the library.
And then, After school blank
his homework in the blank.
You have to predict
what Lukasz does,
and then, library also.
In summary, you choose
15 percent of the
tokens at random.
You mask then 80
percent of the time,
replace them with a random
token 10 percent of the time,
or keep as is 10 percent
of the time, and then,
know that there could be multiple
masked spans in a sentence.
You could match several
words in the same sentence,
and in BERT,
next sentence prediction is
also used when pre-training.
Given two sentences,
if it's true,
it means the two sentences
follow one another.
Otherwise, they are different.
They don't lie in the same
sequence in the text.
You have now developed an
intuition for this model.
You've seen that's
BERT makes use of
next sentence prediction and
masked language modeling.
This allows the model to have
a general sense of the language.
In the next video, I'm
going to formalize this
and show you the loss
function for BERT.
Please go onto the next video.